[AUDIO LOGO]
>>RODERICK MARTIN:
It just so happened,
I looked up and I saw this
little disk thing moving like--
and it was followed
by 2 military jets.
But it was a secret
because in my community,
that's not something that
you go and talk about.
Extraterrestrials weren't
inducting us, why not?
It's like, OK, we done
been on ships in the past.
We're not getting on another
ship without a destination.
Period.
The younger people
are now being,
what I consider, emotionally
and religiously bankrupt.
You start thinking,
wait a minute,
free energy, no billions.
Free energy, no billions.
Lock the door.
Tell everyone, your
eyes are useless when
your mind is blind.
We got to get past the
point where we see things
but our mind won't
let us interpret it.
People ask all the
time, Roderick,
what do the ETs look like?
And then I say, I don't
know if you want my answer.
And I'm glad you just asked me.
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
One community that we
hear very little from regarding
the fascination with UFOs
is African Americans.
Yet some of the better-known
tribes of Africa,
such as the Dogons, believe
they're from the stars.
That ETs are their star
brothers and sisters.
So why the lack
of interest here?
Roderick Martin
is here to fill us
in on the background
of African Americans
and your history
with UFOs in America.
>>MARTIN: Yes, that's good.
We're going to talk about it.
>>REGINA: It's good to
have you here, Roderick.
>>MARTIN: I'm glad
to be here with you.
>>REGINA: So let's,
first of all,
start up with you because
it's not part of the culture.
>>MARTIN: No.
>>REGINA: But as a little
kid, you had interest.
So let's talk about personally,
where your interest in UFOs
came from to set
the stage for this.
>>MARTIN: Well, Regina,
I think, for me,
it started when I
was 12 years old.
Now, I lived in Dallas,
near the Dallas Zoo.
So outside of hearing all
those animals and gorillas
and lions in the middle
of the night, one night
I was coming in.
And my mom had this thing about
flashing the porch light when
it's time to come in the house.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTIN: And so at that point,
you know, she's flashing.
So I'm taking the stroll of--
well, at that point--
shame because I'm
the only kid coming in early.
And everybody else,
nya, nya, nya.
So it was right when the
night stars began to come out.
So it's right at darkness.
And just so
happened, I looked up
and I saw this little white
little disk thing moving like--
and it was followed
by two military jets.
And then it came back
and, actually, it
was following them.
And at the moment, I did
not realize the significance
of that moment.
But I did know I was looking at
something that wasn't normal.
And in fact, of course I've
watched TV, so I figure like,
hmm.
And it just had my curiosity,
just my Scooby-Doo thing.
I went, ruh?
What was that?
But as the years
and months passed by
and then I start
watching a TV shows,
you talking Close Encounters
of the Third Kind, just all
of these shows, that's when
you knew this was what it was.
But it was a secret.
Because in my community,
that's not something
that you go and talk about.
Even the neighborhood
bully wasn't
going to be sitting
on the corner like,
you know I saw a UFO last night.
You know, then
street credit gone.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>MARTIN: He's not taking
my lunch money no more.
So-- I wasn't the
neighborhood bully either.
But the whole point
was it's just something
that was unspoken,
and, of course,
it carried with
me until an adult.
Until I start realizing there
is a place to talk about that.
>>REGINA: But did you talk to
your mom or anybody about it?
Did you tell--
>>MARTIN: No.
>>REGINA: No.
So you just kept it to yourself.
>>MARTIN: Yeah, you
kept it to yourself.
And then I became a
high school athlete.
You became well known
and so it's still,
how did I know at a
young age that this
could hurt my reputation?
Especially the street
credit, period,
that was a lot those days.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MARTIN: So growing up in
high school, so I'm like,
no, I'm not going
to talk about it.
And I might have whispered
it every now and then
if someone else said something.
But outside of that, no.
>>REGINA: And it turns
out, since then, I mean,
I think we've all
learned, Texas is
kind of a hotbed
for a lot of UFO
and military activity, right.
>>MARTIN: I tell people I live
in the jumbo state, where--
>>REGINA: You do.
>>MARTIN: Where those
UFOs come out to play.
>>REGINA: Yeah, they do.
And it's funny--
>>MARTIN: That's
the Texas State.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it's--
New Mexico gets
all the attention.
But the fact is there's
a lot of activity
that is both UFO and military,
combined, the presence of both,
a lot in the state of Texas.
Have you ever figured
out why that is?
>>MARTIN: Well, I think because
we have this big area of land
in Texas that just probably,
I can't say totally explored,
just now the people
don't live there.
>>REGINA: Right,
so it's very open.
>>MARTIN: Yeah, so
it's a great place,
even with higher
intelligence to know
if they want to travel
somewhere and not be seen.
They'll probably do that.
And I'm sure there's
probably a lot
of hidden military installations
that they are observing just
probably in those places.
So it's got a lot of
undercurrent things happening
in Texas.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it does.
A lot of cases
come out of there.
So when did you become
aware that there
were people talking about
it, but they're all white.
>>MARTIN: Oh.
>>REGINA: There actually was
a whole field dedicated--
>>MARTIN: More than
that, a whole world.
>>REGINA: -- a whole
world dedicated to it.
But being African-American, you
weren't aware of that world.
>>MARTIN: I wasn't--
let's say, I saw it,
I knew what I wasn't seeing.
And I didn't have an
answer at that time to why.
And it didn't dawn until now
until I've done more research
and understand culture
and lenses when
it comes down to these things.
But back then, yeah, so all
you saw was white people.
And so you did think
that that was it.
Extraterrestrials weren't
abducting us, why?
Why not?
And then I had my
old running joke.
It's like, OK, we done
been on ships in the past,
we're not getting
on another ship
without a destination, period.
So you're not getting me on one.
So maybe they knew that.
So I don't know.
I just thought it was
just kind of weird.
It stuck there.
You just left it to the side,
then it became a reality.
Then that's when I knew.
>>REGINA: Well, it turns
out, maybe they were.
>>MARTIN: Well, I think,
yes, and I will believe that.
And I believe that's those
untold stories that's
out there.
>>REGINA: OK, so let's
talk about at this time
the community, you
had credibility
that you were working with.
You have the entire white
world working against you
and trying to make you
less credible, right--
>>MARTIN: Right.
>>REGINA: --as a group.
And so you're doing
everything you
can to just build credibility to
function in the United States.
Get educations, do your
jobs, and so forth.
You don't need this
kind of embarrassment
to come around in your
community and in your background
and talk about it, right.
>>MARTIN: So if
you're referring back
to someone reporting a UFO.
OK, so let's go back into
think even white people,
then, was being
ridiculed for that.
>>REGINA: Yes, they were.
>>MARTIN: Yes, so both
sides would be ridiculed.
But then when it comes down to
an African-American community,
where they're seen a
little less credible, then
therefore it's just not going
to fan out with all of that.
So now when you think about
that as far as a Black person
and saying, OK, I'm going
to not only go and report
this UFO sighting.
And you already
seem less credible
on any other situations.
And so just--
>>REGINA: Why bother?
>>MARTIN: Why bother?
But then there's
that other factor.
So think about back
then, if we're going back
into the '50s and '60s, there
was a lot of insult to injury.
There was a lot of
other stuff to worry
about that was bigger
in that trench wall
to report something like that.
So you could have been hung,
you could have been lynched.
There's just a lot of other
variables, nevertheless--
>>REGINA: As an insane person.
>>MARTIN: As an insane person.
So you'll probably have a
guaranteed don't pass go,
don't get out of jail free card.
I mean you're going
to go, you know,
and you're going to
be seen crazy, period.
And that would just
been an added bonus.
>>REGINA: So it was like
what the whites at that time
were doing but on steroids, in
terms of its potential effect.
Yet interestingly, now just
let's set the stage a bit.
So in the 1950s
and early '60s, you
had a lot of these visitations
in bell-shaped craft.
Beautiful people from Venus,
you have George Adamski,
you have Howard
Menger, Frank Stranges
writing about "Stranger
at the Pentagon,"
and the beautiful Val Thorens,
the people he came with.
These are just all white, all
beautiful, well suited out,
and they came to
deliver messages.
Val Thor, you read it.
It said that he
lived in a chamber
in a room at the Pentagon
for a couple of years.
>>MARTIN: Yes.
>>REGINA: And he had
regular conversations
with President Eisenhower.
Admiral Byrd's nephew worked
there, high clearance,
and said, this is true.
He was there and
this did happen.
And so they came
with these messages
like you need to stop
warring with each other,
stop polluting the
place, and eat better
and you're going to
live a long time.
Simple messages.
>>MARTIN: Probably the
message I didn't get.
>>REGINA: Well, maybe
you didn't get that one.
>>MARTIN: The eat better message
did not get filtered down.
And I'm the result of new
disclosure from Balfour.
No, go ahead.
>>REGINA: There you go.
>>MARTIN: I'm going to
push that narrative.
>>REGINA: So these were kind
of cautionary tales done
in a polite way.
Now this is where a
Black man did come in.
You have Betty and Barney Hill.
>>MARTIN: Yes.
>>REGINA: And that's one of
the most famous abductions
in history.
And it's probably because it
was the first one that was
talked about as such, right?
>>MARTIN: Right.
>>REGINA: So here you
have them abducted.
Now the story
changes, you're not
talking about gentlemanly
and womanly, gentle womanly
Venusians coming here to
deliver an important message.
Now you're talking
about hostile activity.
>>MARTIN: Yes.
>>REGINA: Seemingly
hostile activity.
So let's talk about that
and how that did or didn't
change anything for Blacks.
>>MARTIN: I don't think
it changed anything.
It didn't move
the needle at all.
Because any time you
still have, let's just
say, the interracial
couple thing.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTIN: That still doesn't
validate that whole situation
just because it was
just a little bit--
>>REGINA: That's true, so
many people were prejudiced
just at the relationship.
>>MARTIN: There you go.
So we're not going
to really take that
into consideration of being
something positive for sure.
So when you think about
Betty's background,
I think she had enough clout
in the community to at least
to validate Barney
being with her
in that particular abduction.
So until they were interviewed,
where people start saying,
wait a minute, the evidence is
lining up that this actually
could have happened.
But still in the
African-American community,
it's not something
that was plastered
over Black newspapers in
those Black communities,
where we would have read
that or studied that.
Or Black scientists
or people would
have been involved in that
same scientific study.
>>REGINA: So it was
just kind of hushed.
You just-- did you--
did people didn't even
know about it really?
>>MARTIN: No, I mean, if
you think about it for me
personally, I read the
story later on in my career
and it still just stuck out.
But it did hang out
there a little bit.
But like, OK, this is
an African-American guy.
But then when I
started digging deeper,
that's when I noticed there
was a whole lot of things that
could have been left out which
started my personal plight
to uncover these things.
>>REGINA: OK, so let's go
into the community itself.
So you have the heavily
religious aspect
of the African-American
community.
Now we can even line this up
with the heavily religious part
of the Caucasian community.
>>MARTIN: Yes.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about what
happens when there's religion,
deep religious beliefs,
involved, especially
for African Americans
because I think it's quite
different than for whites.
>>MARTIN: Yeah, so you have
to start with how we got here
in the first place.
So if you think of the story
of us being brought here,
stripped from the history of
whatever our beliefs were,
now you have this belief
that we're being taught.
At this point,
Christianity for me.
And then you start
hearing, here's the book.
Here's how this works.
OK, so now that's already
kind of disconnected anyway.
So you still have
this curiosity of what
we're currently dealing with.
And all of a sudden, now
you have this new element.
This new outer space element.
This new potential the
world is big thing.
Or there's people from other
places and who are their gods,
or what do they believe in.
Or are they transplanted here,
or are they brought here?
Just all of these things
begin to stir the pot.
But when you start thinking
about community side now.
So let's say, OK, we
have a report of a UFO.
And I take it into my own
personal account, my own story,
I'll share with you.
But when you start
hearing about it
in African-American
community, that's taboo.
No, it can't be.
There's nothing else besides--
>>REGINA: Our new God.
>>MARTIN: Yes.
There's nothing else.
I mean, this is absolute.
The word is the word.
>>REGINA: Because
that's how it's taught.
>>MARTIN: That's
how it's taught.
And even from being a young kid.
Now for me, I had already
had the different experience
that there's something else
there, from my experience.
And not everyone has had
that experience, so they say.
And so therefore, I was
already kind of curious.
And especially, my
mom was always, hey,
you're sticking to this word.
The word is absolute.
And then one day I came across
a scripture, Genesis chapter 1
verse 26.
"Let's make man in our image,
and the likeness of ourselves."
Now I've been to school.
I understand "our" is plural.
"Ourselves" mean more than one.
And I'm like, unless we've
got a delusional God now.
You know--
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah,
Genesis 1 and 2
are quite interesting
to rub together.
>>MARTIN: And so I'm going, so
I go to my mom and I'm like,
hey, what is this?
And of course, it's the
Trinity, it's all of this stuff.
But it just doesn't make sense.
So you just shelve it.
That's what I did.
But then when I got
in a full grown adult,
I can talk for myself, I'm
not going to get in trouble.
No punishment's behind me
voicing my thoughts now,
you know.
And I pay my own bills.
And so for this point, I
go, mom, that is not that.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTIN: And so--
>>REGINA: And that's
threatening to her.
>>MARTIN: Yeah, I mean, I
have-- this past Thanksgiving,
I was at my mom's--
or last year-- and
I had a UFO book.
And literally, I had a sit-in
front of the microwave.
She walks into the kitchen.
She says, move that.
Now we're probably closer than
you and are standing here.
>>REGINA: I'm not touching it.
>>MARTIN: And I'm like, just
give it to me, I'll put it up.
I'm not thinking what
she's truly saying.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MARTIN: Move it.
And I said, well,
just hand it to me.
She wouldn't touch it.
It was a big book
that said, "UFOs."
And it was probably
about a year--
the last one.
And that's when I
said, wait a minute.
It's time for you to go deeper
into the cultural lens of this.
And I had already just got
out of a marriage, a divorce.
In my marriage,
although our issues
had issues, one in particular
was, I could not talk about--
>>REGINA: This.
>>MARTIN: --UFO
things in the house.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTIN: And then
when I told her
I wanted to pursue it
as a career of interest,
she just was not in agreement.
But as of today,
man, I have studied,
I've done 400 interviews,
and seen this thing
from a cultural lens.
It wasn't her fault,
not even close.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MARTIN: She just could not
bear with that from the culture
lens.
>>REGINA: Let me
ask you about that.
Because as you're talking,
I'm thinking, wait a minute.
So people being taken from
their home, brought over here,
treated very, very
poorly, to say the least.
>>MARTIN: Yes.
>>REGINA: To this
day, still not being
able to just walk
down the street
and be viewed equally with
another person beside them.
Which is just unfair and
heinous on every level.
And then you think you introduce
religion, and especially
the New Testament and
the fact that Jesus
is going to save you,
Jesus is here to save you.
And the amount of
faith and hope that
would have to go into that
belief for African Americans
compared to whites is a whole
other order of magnitude,
I would think.
I mean, believing it
with all your heart
that it's going to
be better one day.
And it's going to be
better on the other side,
because this side's not
looking easy or too good
a lot of times.
I'm just feeling that to
rock that on any level
could be very challenging
because the need
for the belief that it's all
going to be OK in the end
is so powerful.
>>MARTIN: Well, Regina, I think
you're making a valid point
when it comes down to that.
But what is changing
in all of this,
let's divide the community
in religious things
into young people
and older people.
>>REGINA: Yeah, changing.
>>MARTIN: So now we have
the younger people who are
probably-- and I'm not
speaking for everybody,
just what most that I know--
are now being, what I consider,
emotionally and religiously
bankrupt.
So it does leave the door
open for the possibility
and curiosity of this--
>>REGINA: Other things.
>>MARTIN: --this new phenomenon.
Consciousness and fourth
density, all these other--
there's just something
else bigger here.
But the other section, people
are my age and above know
is, this is not going to happen.
This is it.
Because you're still
needing and wanting
the faith and all that to work.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTIN: So now you embed this
new, there's possible aliens,
extraterrestrials.
Oh, there's
possibility that they
the one who brought us here.
Oh, people ask all
the time, Roderick,
what do the ETs look like?
And then I say, I don't
know if you want my answer.
And I'm glad you just asked me.
And I say, well, what
if we look like them?
And it usually just
shocks them, period.
They're like-- you know.
And so I'm real
careful with that.
But my job is to
provide information
that people can read,
that they can see,
that they could think about
to awaken their curiosity.
Just to the possibility
that we're not alone
in this universe.
Because although I
believe we are not alone,
but you just don't
press that up on anyone.
Especially if they're still
trying to figure out--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTIN: --the religious life.
>>MARTIN: Am I doing this right?
Is this thing even
working for me?
>>REGINA: Am I going to
heaven when it's all done?
>>MARTIN: Yeah.
And OK, so now you take
the next thing, once people
are considering
themself being "woke,"
now the thought of
reincarnation comes in.
And all of that, all that--
>>REGINA: How's that play
in the Black community?
Reincarnation--
>>MARTIN: That's another taboo.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MARTIN: Because
we are mostly told,
and mostly everyone in
religion are told that,
hey you're going to go and
get that mansion in heaven.
>>REGINA: So what is the
split in the community now
between religious and sectarian?
We know youth is a factor.
So what is that split?
And is it starting to
seep in through the youth
and through the
youth that are maybe
looking at other ways of
viewing other religions
of the world, Eastern
philosophies and so forth?
>>MARTIN: No, I
don't think it's--
I think religion itself is being
pushed in a younger generation
to a side, period.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>MARTIN: Yeah, so it's--
>>REGINA: Not being replaced
with other philosophies and--
>>MARTIN: People are
now trying to rely off
of meditation, consciousness,
or spirit-being,
or being communicated by some
higher force within themselves.
And so I think--
and that's something easier to
deal with because of the fact
that it's something
they could feel.
>>REGINA: And it leaves you
open to question a lot of things
that you can't question
from the other perspective.
>>MARTIN: Yeah, and that leads
us into the paranormal, right.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I wanted
to ask you about that.
>>MARTIN: Yeah, so that
leads us into ghosts,
paranormal, versus ETs, aliens.
Now, I've been doing
some research trying
to figure out, OK, or could
they be one of the same.
How do we know the
difference between a ghost
can walk through the
walls, and now we knowing
ETs can walk through walls?
All these other density things.
Of course, I grew
up in a community,
at one point of time, a ghost
is deemed bad because it's--
>>REGINA: A demon.
>>MARTIN: --nya, nya, nya.
Yeah.
And so when you start
thinking about that,
and then you go, where
does this come from?
Why are we thinking this way?
However, our ancestors
were taught meditating,
feel the spirits, and when
someone dies in our family,
oh, I can feel them,
they was here yesterday.
All of these things.
So that it gives us,
at least, not a lot
of fear in the paranormal.
Except for where this
ghost thing comes.
So for example, let's say
I got a ghost in my house.
I don't but let's say I do.
And I'm not saying
I don't want one.
But they come over.
The ghostbusters
come to the house.
And I said, Roderick, you
got this ghost upstairs.
And I'm like, get rid of
this ghost because this is--
I can't handle it, it's bad.
But what if they come back and
say that's your grandmother?
The spirit upstairs
is your grandmother.
>>REGINA: And this
is something that
was brought from Africa, was
the understanding of ancestors
and that they
continue after death,
and they're there to guide you.
Which the Christian, white
communities don't have.
>>MARTIN: There you go.
And so now I had to make a
decision of, OK, wait a minute.
So the thing upstairs
that was bothering me,
making these noises,
and I'm afraid of.
I brought you in
here and now you're
saying it's my grandmother
who gave me milk and cookies.
And I'm supposed to say, oh,
just let her stay up there.
And I'm like, no, granny
gots to go because I don't
want no ghost in my house.
So now we take in the ET side.
So how do we believe in that?
And I think it comes just down
to the simplicity of people
have not seen an ET.
Not everyone has seen a UFO.
And those who have experienced
abductions or contact,
or night sleep paralysis,
all those things,
are not talking about it.
And that's where it takes us
from that experience to why
is the African-American
community, in most cases,
are not educated on the
phenomena in that way.
Because you only get
educated through experience.
>>REGINA: Right,
and the community
does have, like you say,
the natural phenomena
of understanding
granny's still around.
Just because her body died,
doesn't mean she's not here.
>>MARTIN: Right.
>>REGINA: You have
practices in the South
that were brought from Africa.
Witchcraft and voodoo and things
that are practiced, and these
are phenomena and
they actually work.
I mean, they're phenomena
that are actually effective.
And so when you look at why--
well, you can't.
I mean there are
thousands of reasons
why that was brought
over with everybody,
it was just part of the culture.
But to accept these
things fairly naturally.
And to have healthy
bunny ears up,
healthy suspicions
about what's going on
around you, and instincts
about that, for sure survival.
I mean, you have to
have your bunny ears
up probably more than I do.
>>MARTIN: My bunny ears stay
up with an extra set of ears,
some antennas, radar scopes, you
name it, all of those things.
Because even me as an
investigator in my community,
I still have a challenge.
I mean, I still can
approach-- and I
do investigate both sides.
So I'll get people that
are white and say, hey--
or all races--
can you look at this.
But then you still have
to say, OK, it still
has got a credibility thing
because I'm Black telling them
about, yeah, what you saw is
this, or maybe it's not that.
Especially if I'm the one that
gives them the bad news of what
they thought they saw was not--
>>REGINA: Not that.
>>MARTIN: --that.
Oh my god, it is like--
I can't tell you how many times.
>>REGINA: And suddenly
race comes in.
>>MARTIN: You just get it.
It's like, well, who are you?
And it has nothing to
do with the training
and different things I
received working with MUFON
and a lot of those
different organizations.
It's now back to who was telling
me this and how do you know.
>>REGINA: Because you're now
challenging their experience.
>>MARTIN: You're
challenging more than that.
Because people tend
to want to believe.
Especially when it gets
down to these experiences.
And I've learned now to truly
establish this new way when
I'm talking and
communicating with people
with these experiences.
Because one thing
most people want is,
Regina, is for you
to believe them.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MARTIN: In most cases,
no one else would.
So I've now developed this thing
called, I believe, you believe.
I'm actually writing
a book about it.
But it's more or less saying,
OK, Regina you come to me
and say, Roderick,
there is a leprechaun
over there behind the dumpster.
Now I'm looking at the
dumpster and you're saying,
do you see the rainbows?
There's gold in a leprechaun.
I have two choices.
I can turn around and we
have a relationship or not.
I can say, well, I don't see it.
And then you look at me and
you want the honest truth,
do you believe me?
>>REGINA: That's a
whole different thing.
>>MARTIN: But my new technique,
which is still from the heart--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MARTIN: --it says, Regina,
I believe you believe
that there is something there.
And for that reason, I'm going
to go on a journey with you.
>>REGINA: I think that's very
important to validate people.
And if you talk to
Tanis Halliwell,
she lives with leprechauns, and
she'll tell you all about them.
>>MARTIN: There you go.
>>REGINA: They mess with her.
>>MARTIN: So there you go.
You just have to say, hey,
I believe you believe it.
And I think if any of
the family members,
people who help people that
say they've being abducted,
or they come across that,
is to begin to indicate them
through it honestly.
I don't see this, but I
trust you as an individual.
Not what you say you saw
or the things, and plus
I can't validate your
experience anyway.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>MARTIN: But because
the love and the trust
that I have for you, I believe
you believe it happened to you.
And so therefore I'm going to
go on this journey with you.
>>REGINA: We're going
to investigate this.
>>MARTIN: We're going
to investigate it.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: I brought that
up because the whole notion
of the bunny ears is,
you have to be alert.
You have to have eyes in
the back of your head just
to go through life safely.
Right.
That also pumps up a
person's intuition.
I mean, that is part of
the intuitive faculty.
So I would think
that on one level,
reaching in and communicating
with a group of people that
has this sensitivity
elevated, it must be happening
and just people aren't
talking about it.
>>MARTIN: Well-- or you're
meaning for in our community
about what's happening.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MARTIN: I think that,
for example, there
was one person I
was talking with,
and I was trying to do this
survey on the street, that's
what I called it.
And a lady came
back and she says
my grandmother, who was a kid,
saw a UFO out in the cotton
fields that flew to them.
And I was like, really?
And I said, well, did you
believe your grandmother?
She says, well, my mother
didn't believe her but I did.
And so at that
point, I was trying
to figure out what was the
disconnect between the mother
wouldn't believe her mother,
but the granddaughter
believed the grandmother.
When I looked at the age
gap between-- so the time
that this younger person
is involved with this,
in religion, is a
little bankrupt.
It's not working out the way
most people think it would
for them, and not
saying that it doesn't.
This opened up the
curiosity of something else
that the grandmother
probably saw.
>>REGINA: So it allowed her
mind to be a little loosened.
>>MARTIN: And this
is why, if you ever--
anyone watching some of
my podcasts or things.
So you'd always end
it and I'll say,
your eyes are useless
when your mind is blind.
It's time to think why.
Because if you don't
begin to get curious
and asked in the why
questions, then the narrative
stays the same.
So what narrative has
been passed down anyway?
So let's say, even through
the White community itself,
this thing is a joke.
You're going to get
laughed at, you're
going to end-- so
now let's say you
stand, an African-American
person right
next to a white person.
And the White person,
they both say us.
OK. we both saw a UFO.
Let's go in this
room, we're going
to tell everybody about it.
But I'm going to go first.
The white person says,
I'm going to go first.
They go through that
door and all you hear
is ha, boo, laughing.
And come back out,
the white person
looks at the Black, your turn.
No, hell no.
I'm not going in there.
>>REGINA: I'm not
going in there.
>>MARTIN: You know.
Regardless, look
what they did to you.
>>REGINA: I watched.
>>MARTIN: Yeah, I'll watch them.
A matter of fact, I
ain't telling nobody.
This is my secret.
So those are the same
things that are happening.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MARTIN: But then there's
something flipside to that now.
Now the stories are
becoming OK to talk about.
The stories are being
told, books, documentaries,
but our history in
this is left out.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and let's
talk about-- first of all,
I want to add one
thing and then I
want to go into the
deeper history of it.
Billy Carson.
>>MARTIN: Yes.
>>REGINA: His aunt and
mother were abducted.
>>MARTIN: OK.
>>REGINA: And a lot of--
Billy feels that
a lot of what he
was born with and a lot of his
abilities at a very young age
were as a result of
whatever happened
to his mom and his aunt.
So, I mean, they're
Black, I'm just saying.
At least we know of a
couple of people who
were abducted that we can name.
>>MARTIN: There you go.
That's two.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: There's two.
>>MARTIN: And there's
plenty more out there.
>>REGINA: There are plenty more.
So let's go into
the deeper history.
>>MARTIN: OK, so
let's think about--
first of all, I think most
people don't even know.
You ever heard the song,
(SINGING) Sweet low.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
My dad used to--
I don't know why he used to
sing me those spirituals.
>>MARTIN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: But he did.
>>MARTIN: It is known
as a spiritual song.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MARTIN: Now I'm not validating
this totally completely,
but I've got enough research to
validate what I'm about to say.
>>REGINA: Coming forward
to carry me home.
>>MARTIN: That was
an old slave song
when it was in shackles
back in the day.
But just think of the context
of the word, "swing low."
>>REGINA: Sweet chariot.
>>MARTIN: So swing low would
be identified as something
up above, and you want it to
swing down here and pick me up.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTIN: Then the
second phase goes in,
as I was watching
over the Jordan,
these angels that
comes across the water.
So we know today--
>>REGINA: Coming
to carry me home.
>>MARTIN: Coming
So obviously, there's
probably been some abductions.
But that song is
probably originated
from slaves seeing
extraterrestrial ships
or something back into the day.
I'm still checking
deeper into it.
But most of all of our
songs are from history
like that, is based from
some experience in reality
of something.
But for the use of
context, chariot,
and we know even back in
some of the Emerald tablets,
all of those things
the word chariot
was used for a spacecraft.
>>REGINA: And you Have
Erich von Daniken.
There you go.
>>MARTIN: There you go.
So swing low sweet chariot.
So please--
>>REGINA: Coming to get me.
Come get me, please.
>>MARTIN: Come and get
me out of this stuff.
>>REGINA: Get me out of here.
>>MARTIN: Yeah, and so
those are songs in history
but we don't really
talk about that much.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTIN: We can go back
into the Tuskegee Airmen.
>>REGINA: Oh, yes.
Yes, do.
>>MARTIN: World War II.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MARTIN: The Red Tails
were these fighters
that were well known
protecting, or the bombers.
And they became one
of those organizations
that was actually requested due
to the fact of their record.
But in that was a
story within the story.
One of the Red Tails, who went
on and had a 28 year career,
is named Robert Friend.
So he became a captain in
the US Air Force and went on.
But he actually became
the head of Blue Book.
>>REGINA: Project Blue Book.
>>MARTIN: From 1958 to 1963.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>MARTIN: Now I have
watched many documents.
>>REGINA: And he was Black.
>>MARTIN: And he was Black.
And I've watched many
of these stories.
So--
>>REGINA: I never see him in it.
>>MARTIN: You probably hear
about it one maybe time,
but not in a full blown
story of Project Blue Book.
>>REGINA: Well, you know
they had that series around.
>>MARTIN: You didn't--
they didn't mention--
>>REGINA: I never saw him.
>>MARTIN: One time.
>>REGINA: Not one time.
>>MARTIN: Now here is the
other caveat to this, Regina.
When you start
thinking about, OK it
was a laughing matter
in 1958, it was a joke.
No one wanted to tag
their career connected
to a UFO project.
Who or what.
And if they still needed
it, investigate it.
This is just my--
>>REGINA: Oh, I see
where you're going.
OK.
>>MARTIN: If we're going
to ruin somebody's career--
>>REGINA: Ruin someone, yeah.
Let's ruin his career.
>>MARTIN: Let's ruin his career.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MARTIN: And we
can probably get
him to go along with
whatever we're trying to get.
We can threaten his career.
We can-- there's a whole
lot of possibilities.
>>REGINA: And then
Hynek comes along and--
>>MARTIN: Then
Hynek comes along.
Well, after him was another
minority, Quintanilla.
>>REGINA: Didn't hear
about him either.
>>MARTIN: Didn't hear
So now Hynek comes along.
And now today, because
now if the history of it
is becoming a great thing,
that story is totally left out.
>>REGINA: It's totally left.
>>MARTIN: Now my belief
is that there was probably
African Americans on the
same ships, the same bases,
when all these orbs
and militaries go on,
the abduction stories.
All of these things
were probably, again,
left out due to the season of
the atmosphere that we were in.
And so now my job today
is trying to uncover that.
Now some people could
say, well, Roderick,
what difference does it make?
It makes a lot of
difference because it's
going to validate
even more experiences.
Even our counterparts
and other people
are having because now,
as Bob Salas would say,
and he's the US captain,
one of the Minutemen
I interviewed him and
talked to him on the phone.
He says, Roderick, he says, it's
time to trust the witnesses.
>>REGINA: It is.
I couldn't agree more.
>>MARTIN: He says time
to trust the witnesses.
And if we can do that--
>>REGINA: Including him.
>>MARTIN: Including him,
now we can get a better--
so I think that all of these
things that's happening,
all of this new disclosure,
these Amendment acts,
is now going to
validate old stories.
And let's go back and
get those stories,
especially in the community.
And then I think by
having other these stories
to surface, and then as myself
being a pioneer in this thing.
Trying to go
through the ridicule
that I go through in most
cases, but get to be trusted.
Where more African Americans
are coming forward.
Now the stories of
history is coming.
And maybe even some
military secrets come out.
We could have the Bob
Lazars in our community
because we had scientists.
We had a lot of people
that was close-minded.
And we maybe can get
more information.
And I do believe it's there.
I have been getting
phone calls now.
I'm getting emails.
I would like to get out
there bigger with it
so that we can bring that
in, and I think it's there.
>>REGINA: Oh, I think it's
a very valid endeavor.
A worthy endeavor.
And not only that, again, this
whole lack of inclusivity,
even down to something like
UFO sightings and abductions,
is now getting to the point
where it's just stupid.
In this day and age, with
a production like that,
Paul Hynek, who--
we've had him here before too.
>>MARTIN: OK.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And in fact, for
people that aren't
aware of what we're talking
about, then go to my interviews
with Paola Harris, and talking
about Project Blue Book
and Allen Hynek, and the
whole back story to it.
So during that series that
the History Channel aired,
I think it was the most
watched show they ever aired.
>>MARTIN: Wow.
>>REGINA: And then
they canceled it.
Yeah, they canceled it.
And I thought, what
just happened here?
Because it actually was
getting a little truth out
amidst all of the hyperbole
and the drama and such.
But you're right, absolutely
nothing about Robert Friend,
or anyone else involved in that.
It was all white
military involved.
>>MARTIN: And now only
because it's popular.
>>REGINA: And
>>MARTIN: And its history.
It's important.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTIN: And we
don't want to tarnish
something that's important.
And that's what
I deal with today
because I try to bring a little
more humor in this, right.
So I laugh all the
time people say,
well I had to have this report.
Oh, maybe women are
saying that they're being
pregnant by extraterrestrials.
So I sit and go-OK,
well, who's going to pay
child support for these babies?
You know what I'm saying.
They'll take me to
court in a heartbeat.
>>REGINA: Well, they
usually, apparently,
take the babies from
them, so I guess they are.
>>MARTIN: But the ones
that are left here.
So imagine some woman going
and filling out some assistance
and saying, hey, you
know daddy is an alien.
Well, it used to be, probably.
They make a phone call, we
got another one these idiots.
Now, we got another one.
We got another one.
What's happening out here?
You know what I'm saying.
So we need to check into this.
And so my thing is, it's
going to be the norm.
A lot of this is
And you spoke earlier
about Valiant Thor
and how he came
to rescue society.
And sometime on my podcast,
I'll do this audience thing.
And I'll ask them.
I say, OK, all of you now
are brand new on Exxon.
You haven't made
your billions yet,
but you are just now
got on the board.
You're about to make
your billion dollars.
Another ET walks into the
board of Exxon and says,
hey, I know you guys are
controlling oil production,
and it's polluting the planet.
But I'm going to give you this
free recipe for free energy.
Oh, yeah, we're
clapping, congratulating.
>>REGINA: That didn't happen.
>>MARTIN: Until
the whisper says,
you know we're not
going to make our money.
And you start thinking,
wait a minute, free energy
no billions.
Free energy, no billions.
Lock the door.
You know, free
energy, no billions.
And he's not going to get
out of the room alive.
>>REGINA: And that's exactly--
that's what happened,
is in the end,
Eisenhower said it would
bankrupt our economy.
>>MARTIN: And what other
ET in another planet
would be told, hey,
you're going to go
over there and free Earth.
He'd go, no, I'm not doing that.
What happened to the last
person that we sent there?
He didn't come back.
>>REGINA: OK, but
it's happening.
OK, so this is what
I find interesting.
And this, I think, will
go across the board.
It doesn't matter who you are
in the world, what race you are.
We didn't listen to
any of those messages.
>>MARTIN: Right.
Right.
>>REGINA: And yet
there's a lot of-- there
are a lot of different
civilizations out there
actually pulling for
us to get through this
and to make the right decision.
To evolve because we're, at the
core, an incredibly creative
species.
>>MARTIN: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Humans are really
beautiful and unique,
if we can get out of our own
way on some of this dumb stuff.
So what's happening now,
and I'm interviewing also
a woman named, have interviewed,
named Dr. Linda Backman,
psychologist, who
backed into this.
It happened kind
of accidentally.
>>MARTIN: Like most of us.
>>REGINA: She started
hearing the stories.
Exactly.
And she said, you
know, half the people--
almost 60% of the clients
coming now-- she said,
when I take them
into a regression--
Michael Newton, you
know, "Destiny of Souls,"
that was her mentor.
Actually, they taught together.
>>MARTIN: Wow.
>>REGINA: 60% of these
people are saying, yeah,
I'm somewhere else.
It looks like I
didn't start here.
And they're going and
remembering their lives
on other planets.
Now my hypothesis is
because we didn't listen,
more and more of these
entities-- anybody
can incarnate in a
human vehicle, body.
>>MARTIN: Yes.
>>REGINA: They're starting
to incarnate as humans.
And they're very different.
They're going to be--
the next generations
are going to be totally
different mentally,
emotionally.
They're going to
learn differently.
Some will appear very
autistic and socially inept.
And I think we've
got tons of them
incarnating all across the globe
into all of our communities.
>>MARTIN: Either
that or either--
you know how they
say that we need
to wake up and have a little
more open in conscious?
Maybe they're turning on the tap
a little more so we remember--
>>REGINA: I think that too.
>>MARTIN: --it
more, as well, too.
And that's the only way
that they can get us to say,
OK, this is what we do know.
And this is what, now, you
can remember the past, yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
I'm just thinking,
if you have more of them
incarnate-- because we're
all from somewhere else.
>>MARTIN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So, you know, so what.
If you have more of
them coming right now,
and little saturation,
we've got to get them
over this little bump.
We're in a little
critical phase of chaos.
Let's get them over
the bump and then
we'll go back to where we came
from and others will incarnate.
But just enough to seed
really important concepts.
>>MARTIN: But I think religion
will double down on that too
though.
>>REGINA: Oh, I think they will.
>>MARTIN: They will double down.
>>REGINA: But it's
already losing ground.
It is losing ground
because it's pedantic
and not allowing
for any other story.
And that for the
better and the worse,
the world's moving on
to other stories too.
>>MARTIN: But I have a
question for you though.
Have you thought about--
I meet a lot of people
that are Starseeds.
Or--
>>REGINA: That's what
I'm talking about.
>>MARTIN: Yeah,
and they discover
that they're Starseeds.
But then in the beginning,
they was confused.
They were feeling, like you
said before, out of place.
They didn't belong
here and all of this.
>>REGINA: A lot of times
they'll have weird birth defects
and disorders physically.
>>MARTIN: So my question is
why would the extraterrestrial
allow that to happen
to the Starseeds
if they are that meeting in
between where we're going?
Why would they give
them so much confusion?
Why would they allow
this to the chosen of--
>>REGINA: I hear you.
I mean, I think if you're
going to incarnate as human--
>>MARTIN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: --you're coming in
with the same lack of memory
as everyone else.
You all get the same thing.
You don't remember a thing.
And you've got to figure
it out once you get here.
And the ones who are,
perhaps, a little closer
to the surface of higher mind
can remember more quickly.
Others are just
confused till something.
They get in a car wreck at 30,
and then they see their people
and remember why they're here.
I mean what a mess.
It's not an efficient way
to do things, I don't think.
>>MARTIN: It's not.
And it's like that's
the confusion of it.
>>REGINA: Well, if you're a soul
though who doesn't know war,
and who doesn't division.
If you're a soul who only
understands collaboration
and love and
helping one another,
and you're incarnating
into physical body,
you're not going to bring
any of those imprints,
you're not going to
resonate with any of that.
You're going to start
a society that's more
collaborative and peaceful.
And I think more of those
beings are being born also
with high technology that
is going to be needed here.
Free energy, we
already know it's here.
>>MARTIN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And we know that
they could have had it ages ago
if it wasn't to disrupt our
economic structures at work.
>>MARTIN: It will
probably-- you're
talking free energy will break
the world down as we know it.
You're talking global,
I mean jobs and secure--
everything will just--
>>REGINA: Yes.
And there was just a big
event a couple of months
ago in Silicon Valley where
they showed a cold fusion
operational little device.
And lo and behold,
a few days later,
I think JPL or something
came out with their own.
We've got ours.
Going into competition already.
The point is, it's already here.
So anyway--
>>MARTIN: We can use
the term that says,
it's not going to
ever see the light.
>>REGINA: Yeah, well,
let's hope it does.
And I think some
of the new people,
and a lot of those new
people being born are us,
we're just recycling
ourselves too.
>>MARTIN: And people
like yourself.
I mean, allowing
other people to come.
Sharing your platform.
Allowing the message
to be reached.
I think that's the stir of,
not a revolt, but just change.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Transformation.
>>MARTIN: Yeah, I think
this world needs it.
>>REGINA: Of humans.
>>MARTIN: So you are
doing an awesome job.
>>REGINA: Why, thank you.
And so are you, my friend.
So thank you so much.
Any final thought
before we sign off here?
>>MARTIN: Well, other than
that, just tell everyone,
your eyes are useless
when your mind is blind.
You have to think, why.
We've got to get past the
point where we see things
but our mind won't
let us interpret it.
And so if we can
work there, then we
can understand we can see better
through these narratives as
well as the future
that we need to go.
>>REGINA: It doesn't mean we
have to give up our faith.
>>MARTIN: No.
>>REGINA: And the beautiful
and amazing forces
that are here to help us.
>>MARTIN: Yes.
>>REGINA: And the creator.
We don't have to give
up faith in any of that.
>>MARTIN: Yes.
>>REGINA: In order to be more
inclusive of the vastness
of what is.
>>MARTIN: And openly, it won't
be a Black and white thing.
>>REGINA: No.
>>MARTIN: It will be an
extraterrestrial, new life,
new horizon.
And both sides can say, you know
what, this is for all of us.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>MARTIN: And these
ETs will probably
say, you all are one people.
>>REGINA: That's right, because
that's the message in the end.
>>MARTIN: That would be
the message in the end.
>>REGINA: Roderick, thank
you so much for taking time
to be here.
>>MARTIN: Thank
you for having me.
>>REGINA: You're so welcome.
>>MARTIN: All right.
>>REGINA: For more
of Roderick's work,
you can go to his YouTube
channel, Why the Big Secret.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[MUSIC PLAYING]